Asih
oh my God
it's me Sih
I'm sorry, I don't know you were there
your accidental
is a blessing for me
stop it
go away
if you want to peep a girl taking a bath, go to the river
don't come here
why you told me to go away
don't be like that
better you go back home
don't mess with me
don't be like that
don't you know that
I miss you
are you still waiting for Tanggwa
come on Sih
come on forget him
Tanggwa already busy in the city
do you know
girls in the city
are rich
their houses are luxurious
they are beautiful
do you know the reason
everyday
they're takes a bath using milk
oh come on
they are
duh
Tanggwa must be crazy over them
just let him go
what are you talking about
Asih
you have me here
I'm truly serious
if Asih want
I'll bring the moon
to you
to accompany your sleep
your flattery is bullshit
it's so last year
although round
it's flattery
but it's true
although I'm lying
but honest
althought bullshit
but sincerely
from the deepest part of my heart
deeper
than the sea and ocean Sih
if in the sky there is a star
beautiful girl
go away
okay okay okay
sorry Sih sorry
wew she's grumpy
long time ago
owner of the armor you wear
Gatotkaca
died because Konta Wijayadanu weapon went inside Mustaba sheath
beause I lend you this armor of God
you have the same weakness
but the opposite
you'll lose your power if Konta weapon go out from Mustaba sheath
so
inside my body
there is a Konta weapon and Mustaba sheath dear Goddess
you're right
Gatotkaca armor can only used by half human and half monster
if it used by an ordinary human like you
then inside your body there must be those two weapons of God
otherwise
then Gatotkaca armor will absorb life of the user
you should remember this
your weakness is when there's a power could go through your body and separate Konta weapon from it's sheath
because without uniting the weapon and it's sheath
your body will be weak without power
you could meet with death
as an user of Gatotkaca armor
this armor will share its power to the user
slowly you'll have a power like god
your senses will be more sensitive
your instinct will be evolve
your muscles will be as tough as wires
and your bones will be as strong as metals
then my sweat is coffee hahaha
fight hey human
responsibility you carry isn't easy
don't underestimate enemies power
in our era
they're almost annihilate gods and humans
now continuance of your race's life is in your hand
the knight choosen by God